Elements: Guide improvements (#992)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/elements/overview.mdx

  ```
</CodeBlockTabs>

> Also make sure that your [`moduleResolution`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#moduleResolution) inside `tsconfig.json` is set to `bundler`. Otherwise you might run into issues with resolving TypeScript types from Clerk Elements.

Reviewer: What do you think about a callout here?

```suggestion
<Callout type="info">
If your project uses TypeScript, make sure that [`moduleResolution`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#moduleResolution) in`tsconfig.json` is set to `bundler`. Otherwise, you might run into issues with resolving TypeScript types from Clerk Elements.
</Callout>
```
